We want to dispatch this action on the filters screen of course because that is where we do is set all
these filters.
Right now we manage them here in internal state and dead will stay this way because we definitely need
our filters there.
But now of course I want to dispatch an action when the save button is pressed.
Thankfully I already have a connection to the header set up with use of fact and set perms.
So all we have to do is replace console log here with this patch.
Now of course to use this patch we first of all need to import the use dispatch hook here from react
read acts like this.
And now we can use that hook here to get access to the dispatch function.
So cons to dispatch equals use dispatch executed as a function.
And now we can call dispatch here to dispatch an action.
Therefore we all do by the way need to add dispatch as a dependency but react redux we'll make sure
that this never changes.
So this won't ever trigger a re render.
Still we have to added.
So that's dispatch now important we also need to import my action creator from store actions meals and
of course I'm talking about the set filters.
Action creator because I need to call that here to create a action I pass to dispatch down there and
set filters once this applied filters object which I'm forward and there I have gluten free lactose
free vegan and that should be just vegetarian important because the key is you set up here have to be
the keys you're looking for in your reducer otherwise this will not work important.
So really make sure those are equal.
Otherwise this logic will not work.
So now we're dispatching this whenever the safe button is pressed and does hopefully should adjust our
filtered meals and that should then be reflected on the category meals screen because there were retrieving
the filtered meals let's give it a try.
Let's save this.
And for example this burger probably not vegan.
So let's go to filters turn vegan on safeties and I get an error can find variable actions thrown by
the meals reducer.
So let's have a look at that yeah it's not actions.
Course it's action.
That's the name of the argument.
So that should be action.
Minor mistake.
Trust just a typo.
Let's give it another try.
Go back to filters.
Turn on vegan safeties and now go to meals hamburgers.
Now I'm not seeing them here which is good because that means it's filtered out my spaghetti with tomato
sauce that's still there because obviously that is vegan at these desserts without the cheese.
So that's there in German the schnitzel is gone.
Quick and easy to sell it a stare which makes sense.
Let's all to try no filter.
Gluten free.
Now the spaghetti should be gone for sure.
So let's have a look.
Yep they're gone.
Salad is still there.
Spaghetti are gone.
So this logic seems to work now important.
If I disable gluten free and therefore I see my spaghetti again if I add them as a favorite and then
I add this filter again of course under meals they're gone under favorites I see them because that's
the logic we set up that favorites doesn't take data from our filtered meals but just cares about whether
it's a favorite or not.
You could of course change just logic but here the logic is what it is and only the meals and the categories
here are filtered out according to the filters you set up here.
That would be nice to have a nice little fallback message here if we have no data because of our filters
and therefore in the category meals screen.
I also want to check here if displayed meals length is zero which means I have no meals to display and
then I want to return a View here with my default text in there actually and that means we need to import
both.
We need to import a view and will also need a style sheet from React Native and import.
The default text component from components default text and then add a style here.
Styles
not content and the default text we display could be no meals found.
Maybe check your filters.
Just a hint that maybe your filters are disabling the recipes you should see here.
Now let's just add that styles constant here where we create a new style sheet there.
I want to set up that content key where I use flex 1 and then again Center the content horizontally
and vertically with the help of these flex box properties like that.
If we now give this a try and maybe test us on Android just to mix things up even though it's a bit
slower I can go to my folders there set gluten free go back to my meals Italian therefore does it's
not there so I get this message on the other end quick and easy there I do have a meal and hence I don't
get this message and therefore this doesn't look too bad.
And of course that's all to try disabling this filter again and go back.
Here are the spaghetti so that is not all working and this is how we can manage our state with redux.